Currently inside of our application,
we have our contacts array which we are parsing to our ListContacts component,
and ListContacts is responsible for looping over our contacts array,
and for each item in the array shows an individual contact.
Right now you may have noticed that our contacts array is
living outside of our app component here,
it's just living on the scope of this module.
Now that isn't necessarily a bad thing,
but it's really outside of the world of React.
Meeting if we were to change any of the items in any of
the contacts or if we were to add or remove a contact from our contacts array,
React would have no idea that that happened.
One of Reacts strengths is state management and by having
our contacts array outside of our app component here,
we're not utilizing that strength at all.
So what we want to do is we want to move
our contacts array into the local state of our app component,
so that way eventually when we start modifying our contacts array,
React will be able to see that those changes are
happening and then update the UI based on those changes.
So what we will do, is we'll come in here and add
a state property to our local component,
and then let's go ahead and copy our array up here,
and then now on this state object this is going to
represent the entire state for our app component.
What we can do is we can add a contacts property and
this contacts property is now going to be our array of contacts.
So now, instead of passing our list contacts component,
just contacts, what we want to do,
is in order to get access to the local component state,
what you do is this.state.contacts so now you'll see that our UI looks the exact same,
but what we've done is we've moved our contacts array from just being out here,
in the scope of the module,
to actually being a property on the local component state.